---
tags:
- group
---
*"QUOTE"*
## Overview
The Roundtable, composed of the guildmasters of the four major guilds, serves as a council that plays a crucial role in the governance and administration of the city-state. As the backbone of the city's economy, defense, and cultural development, the guildmasters bring their expertise and perspectives to the table, advising the governor on various matters related to the everyday functioning of the city.

The Roundtable convenes regularly to discuss and make decisions on important issues that affect the city-state. They collaborate on matters such as trade regulations, infrastructure development, security measures, cultural events, and maintaining the overall prosperity and well-being of Drufali. The guildmasters bring their deep understanding of their respective guilds' needs, challenges, and opportunities, enabling them to provide valuable insights and recommendations to the governor. Their collective expertise and experience allow them to address the diverse needs and interests of the city-state, ensuring a balanced approach to decision-making. The Roundtable acts as a unifying force, fostering cooperation and collaboration among the guilds and ensuring that the city-state operates smoothly and efficiently.

While the governor holds the ultimate authority, the Roundtable serves as an advisory body, bringing a democratic element to the city-state's governance. Their advice and recommendations influence the governor's decisions, and their collective power and support provide a sense of stability and continuity in the governance of Drufali. Overall, the Roundtable plays a vital role in guiding the city-state's policies, projects, and initiatives, and their collaboration with the governor ensures the effective management and progress of Drufali's everyday affairs.
## History

The establishment of the Roundtable traces its origins back to a period of political turmoil during the Ohkyr Dominion civil war when the Drufali was part of Ohkyr. The city split and turmoil brewed split into factions. Recognizing the need for unity and collaboration, the guildmasters of the four major guilds—the Highstrider's Guild, Stoneswords' Guild, Fabricators' Guild, and the Navigators' Guild—came together in an unprecedented alliance. They recognized that their collective influence and resources could be harnessed for the greater good of the city-state. Under the leadership of visionary guildmasters, the Roundtable was formally established as a council of equals, where the guildmasters would gather regularly to discuss and make decisions on matters pertaining to the city-state's governance. This marked a significant shift in the power dynamics, as the guildmasters set aside their individual interests to prioritize the prosperity and stability of Drufali as a whole. Over the years, the Roundtable has played a pivotal role in shaping the destiny of Drufali. They have successfully navigated various challenges, including external threats, economic fluctuations, and political rivalries, by leveraging their collective expertise and influence. The guildmasters' commitment to cooperation and compromise has ensured that the city-state remains a thriving hub of commerce, culture, and innovation.

The Roundtable has stood the test of time, with its traditions and practices handed down through generations. The guildmasters pass on their knowledge and values to their successors, ensuring the continuity of the council's wisdom and experience. This has fostered a sense of camaraderie and mutual respect among the guildmasters, as they recognize the vital role each guild plays in the city-state's prosperity. Throughout history, the Roundtable has maintained a delicate balance of power with the governor. While the governor holds the ultimate authority, the Roundtable's advisory role has earned the trust and respect of the city's leaders. Their guidance and collective decision-making have been instrumental in ensuring the effective governance and progress of Drufali. The Roundtable's history is a testament to the strength of unity and cooperation, showcasing the transformative power of guilds setting aside their differences to work towards a common goal. It serves as a symbol of the city-state's resilience and progress, as well as a testament to the enduring legacy of the guilds in shaping the destiny of Drufali.