In the [[Akmé Hegemony Overview|Akmé Hegemony]], druids and other primal spellcasters are considered the only form of pure magic by the Hegemonic authority, and others are stifled in their advancement.
## Primal Spellcasters
Akméan society. As such magic is officially sanctioned, they are divided up into a number of [[Druidic Clades]]. Regardless of a magician’s placement in this system they are guaranteed a comfortable life at minimum, but they are held to even higher standards in regards to loyalty to [[Akmé Hegemony Overview|Hegemony]].
## Divine Spellcasters
The worship of deities is a hot topic of debate in the [[Akmé Hegemony Overview|Akmé Hegemony]] in every segment of society, but one thing is for sure. If any power is to be worshiped above others, it’s [[Verdus]], as all things “natural” are considered purer than their alternatives. As such, Clerics of [[Verdus]] are left alone and churches of [[Verdus]] generally allowed to operate. Worshipers of other deities may feel a need to operate more secretly.
## Innate Spellcasters
Repressing magic which flows through bloodlines is nearly impossible, so instead of doing this, the [[Akmé Hegemony Overview|Hegemony]] grants these bloodlines positions of status as local governors or owners of businesses. It is, however, still made clear that this sorcerous magic is impure in comparison to druidic spellcasting.
## Eldritch Spellcasters
Those making a pact with an otherworldly entity, gleaning knowledge from the divines, or otherwise taking a unique approach to learning magic in [[Akmé]] could be met with anything from hostility to acceptance. If one makes a pact with an entity whose interests are against Hegemonic interests, this will be persecuted as all magicians were persecuted back in [[Turochan Kingdom Overview|Turochan]], as this is seen as the utmost threat to [[Akmé Hegemony Overview|Hegemony]]. The same goes for those who take magic that is not properly theirs - such ambition is a threat.

But perhaps you are lucky enough to make a pact with [[Akmé]] itself. In such a circumstance, rare but not unheard of, one who secures a pact with [[Akmé]] and can prove it is guaranteed a position of power should they want it. What [[Akmé]] demands in return, however, may not be as worth the trade as initially expected.
## Artistic Spellcasters
Those seeking to channel creative energies and self-expression into magic are a bit more in luck. This sort of magic is tolerated by [[Akmé]] authorities, and depending on area and social status, is sometimes encouraged. That’s not to say it isn’t controlled, though. While repressing artistic magic is difficult, when the message of the art itself is anti-[[Akmé]] and it is displayed publicly, there will be issues.
## Learned Spellcasters
Learning scholarly magic in the [[Siar Wilds]] is quite difficult, as research materials are near-inaccessible to all but the most privileged. One with enough determination, however, may have more of a chance than they think. The [[Siar Wilds]] hold many ancient ruins, many of which are yet to be scoured, and the chances of coming across an arcane text from centuries ago tempts many to pursue this. Fewer come back than go in, though, and once somebody gets out of these allegedly cursed or haunted ruins with their bounty, secrecy from the Hegemonic forces is key.